README.md, before:

# Inventory Management System – Frontend

Angular-based frontend for an enterprise-grade Inventory Management System handling Procurement, Inventory, Production, and Administration workflows.

## 🚀 Tech Stack
- Angular
- TypeScript
- HTML / CSS
- REST API Integration
- JWT Authentication

## 👥 User Roles
This system provides dedicated dashboards for:
- Admin
- Procurement Officer
- Inventory Manager
- Production Manager
- Supplier

## 🔥 Key Features
✔ Secure Login & JWT Authentication  
✔ Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)  
✔ Procurement Order Creation & Tracking  
✔ Inventory Stock Management & Alerts  
✔ Production Scheduling & Tracking  
✔ Supplier Order Management  
✔ Reports & Data Visualization  

## 🏗 System Workflow
Procurement → Inventory Validation → Production Scheduling → Supplier Integration → Reporting

## 🔗 Backend Repository
Spring Boot Backend:  
👉 https://github.com/Hritik-3/inventory-management-system

## ⚙️ How to Run Locally

```bash
npm install
ng serve

Commit message:

Revise README for improved clarity and structure
Updated README to enhance clarity and structure, added details about user roles and permissions.

README.md, after:

# Inventory Management System – Frontend

Angular-based frontend for an enterprise-grade **Inventory Management System** handling Procurement, Inventory, Production, Supplier, and Admin workflows with secure role-based access.

---

## 🚀 Tech Stack

- Angular
- TypeScript
- HTML / CSS
- REST API Integration
- JWT Authentication

---

## 👥 User Roles

The system provides dedicated dashboards for:

- Admin
- Procurement Officer
- Inventory Manager
- Production Manager
- Supplier

Each role sees a different dashboard and features based on permissions.

---

## 🔥 Key Features

✔ Secure Login with JWT Authentication  
✔ Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)  
✔ Procurement Order Creation & Tracking  
✔ Inventory Stock Management & Alerts  
✔ Production Scheduling & Tracking  
✔ Supplier Order Management  
✔ Reports & Data Visualization  

---

## 🏗 System Workflow

Procurement → Inventory Validation → Production Scheduling → Supplier Integration → Reporting

---

## 🔗 Backend Repository

Spring Boot Backend:  
👉 https://github.com/Hritik-3/inventory-management-system

---

## ⚙️ How to Run Locally

```bash
npm install
ng serve
